---
title:  "Being Disobedient To God"
date:   2020-10-04 01:04:23
categories: [Disobedience]
tags: [honesty]
---

It was a partly cloudy day, Jim and Tim decided to go fishing by the near by river. Jim woke up early the Saturday morning to go fishing. Jim knew it was the Lord's Sabbath but still wanted to go fishing with his friends. So he soon began packing his bag. Suddenly there was a voice: "Jim come on man, I'm ready" said Tim.
As Tim hasted to pack his bag he shouted, "I will be there in a few" said Tim. Man we ait have time, we need to go now, so we can get good fishing spots.

Jim rushed outside as they both soon began turning in the one mile. On there walk, Tim was already telling him how many fish he would be catching for the day.They were about 1/2 mile away from the river when Tim said "man I forgot my hooks!". Tim told Jim to go alone and he will catch up. As he was rushing back home, a soft voice began speaking to him. The voice said: "Jim don't go back." He stopped and ponder then began resume his journey. The voice came back to him saying: "Dange is ahead." As Jim wondered to himself waht can possibly happen as he reach for his hooks and back on his way to the river. He was just about to take his next step outside his gate, a church elder stopped to give him a life.

Jim how is it that you are not dressed for church? Said the elder. As he slowly answered: "I was getting ready to go church but then my friend called me and ask for my company to go fishing". The elder replied: "but where is your friend". As he began telling his elder what happened, He soon reached his turn off point and the elder said to him: "Go is powerful". As he stepped out of the car and thanked his elder for the lift, he went to the stream. Soon tim said to him: "man yuh reach back quick". Has Jim said "I got a life from a church elder". But then Jim paused for a second then sipered to Tim, my elder said something to me. Tim then ask what did his elder said, he quickly responded: "God is powerful". 
The were there fishing for almost half an hour then instantly Tim said "man something is wrong today, how I can't catch any fish". Jim said "same here, the fishes are eating off all my worm on the hook." It was an hour since they were fishing  Tim said he has to go somewhere else to fish. So he moved from his original spot, out into the water on a flat small stone. As the sky slowly coverthey thick dark clouds the environment began to change and their surrounding was lonely. Jim turned to Tim and said "man this place is creepy". Tim said "hold on for less than half an hour am catching fish is right at this spot" as he soon finish talking Tim said ago carry out my hooks and come back to help you with your fish right at this spot has he soon finish talkingTime reach on the banking while Tim going towards the stone to fetch to fishes is a flood of water coming from up top the line heading towards Jim out of no where has he shouted "Timmmmmmm!!!" As Tim looked around those was Jim in the water trying to save himself with his head above and in the water. Tim couldn't swim to save his friend no one was around to help as Jim was fighting to catch his breathe. Then Tim remember what Jim has save to him has he knelt on his knee carying to the Lord for his help for his friend. As Tim struggle in the wather for breathe, he wondered what was his friend doing. Suddenly the sky began to clearn and the flood of water was disappear, then Tim ran towards Jim and he swim out of the water. 

Tim was suprise to see what had happened and was excited to see that Jim was alive. Jim soon started telling Tim what the voice he heard speaking to him when he was on his way to the river. Tim sait it must begin the Loard as they walk off back hom. The following sabbath Jim and Tim went to church and in the ceremony they asked for testimony, Tim was the first to tell them his testimony and from what day on Jim never miss a sabbath from church. 


